URL: https://www.scfuels.com/services/
STATUS: 200
TITLE: SC Fuels Bulk Fueling Services | Southern California Fuels

Skip to content
714.252.7371

CREDIT APPLICATION | CREDIT TERMS AND CONDITIONS | BLOG | BLOG SUBSCRIPTION

Facebook
Linkedin
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Search:
Search
Portal Login
SC Fuels
over 15 states throughout the United States
SERVICES
COMPANY
LOCATIONS
RESOURCES
CONTACT US
Fueling Services

SC Fuels offers numerous comprehensive petroleum services to keep your business operating at its best. We bring advantages like quality fuel, exceptional service, and industry-leading knowledge right to you. Regardless of your fueling needs or location, we will design a custom solution that works best for you with our fuel services.

From efficient mobile on-site fueling services to premier lubricant and chemical delivery, SC Fuels is here to help your business succeed. Learn more about SC Fuels’ fueling services.

Mobile On-Site Fueling

Being able to fuel up on the job when your fleet is not actively in use is key to your team’s productivity. SC Fuels’ mobile fueling service supplies you with fills during non-operational hours, helping you save on labor costs and improve your operational visibility.

When you choose us for on-site fueling, we will dispatch a fuel vehicle to your location and refill your fleet. With the use of a scannable database, our technicians can easily determine how to properly refuel your fleet according to your vehicles’ specific servicing requirements. As a result, you get quality servicing that suits your exact fleet every time.

Then, our team will provide you with an itemized expense report for accounting accuracy and efficiency. This easy-to-read documentation supplies a straightforward breakdown of all the services we completed for you to ensure complete transparency.

Additionally, you can rent our fuel tanks for your job site, giving you access to greater fuel savings and convenience. Available fuel types include diesel and alternatives such as biodiesel fuel and renewable diesel fuel.

Fleet Card Program

Whether your fleet is small or large, it is imperative to keep track of your team’s fuel spend. Ensure your cardholders help you to maintain your company’s bottom line. Let us help you achieve enhanced fuel spending management and transparency with our comprehensive fleet card program.

SC Fuels’ fuel card program offers our customers convenience, control, and accountability. A fleet card will empower your drivers to refuel fast while you maintain control over expenses. By using our straightforward cardlock fuel card solutions, you can see how much fuel your drivers purchase, where they refill, how often they refuel, and how much your fuel costs.

Choose from our four distinct fleet card options that make accurately budgeting fuel expenses easier than ever:

CFN Fleetwide
Universal
Pride Advantage
Secure

No matter which option you deem suitable for your fleet, they grant your drivers access to our network of thousands of fueling locations and other notable perks.

Unbranded Wholesale

As a business owner who relies on fuel to power your operations, you know that branded fuel is available at some of the most competitive prices. By purchasing unbranded fuel wholesale from us at SC Fuels, you can boost your savings and keep your operations running as expected. SC Fuels offers the following fuel options for unbranded wholesale delivery — gasoline fuel, diesel fuel, off road diesel fuel, EPA diesel fuel, biodiesel fuel, and renewable diesel fuel.

When you partner with SC Fuels as your single supplier of unbranded bulk fuel deliveries, you receive unparalleled, personalized service from our team 24 hours a day. Additionally, we provide real-time market updates, daily pricing, and same-day delivery so you can take advantage of low fuel rates. Each driver follows strict safety protocols to protect your investment as they deliver your fuel on time every time.

Lubricant and Chemical Delivery

While fuel is a crucial part of your fleet’s success, you also need streamlined access to the best-quality lubricants and chemicals, so you can support all of the maintenance requirements for your vehicles and machines. Choosing the right products from the start means you can minimize downtime and save money.

SC Fuels offers lubricants, fuel additives, solvents, and degreasers that ensure your machines perform at their best. The lubricant brands we offer include Chevron, Castrol, Valvoline, and our own quality brand, Performance 500. All of the products we offer are safe, reliable options for your fleet.

If you are unsure which option is most suitable for your operations, SC Fuels’ knowledgeable staff is ready to offer expert and professional advice on which product is best for your equipment or business. Learn more about our lubricant and chemical delivery services.

Why SC Fuels?

SC Fuels has a legacy of driving businesses forward. As one of the nation’s oldest family-owned fuel distributors, we have established a reputation for reliable deliveries and customer-centric services. Whether you own a small gas station or manage a fleet of hundreds of vehicles, SC Fuels is here to serve as your one-stop shop for petroleum products and services.

You can count on us for consistent on-time fuel deliveries, whether we are dispatching to your garage or a remote job site. Plus, our dedicated customer service team will ensure you order the best unbranded or branded wholesale fuel, lubricants, chemicals, and fleet cards for your business.

Our success depends on your prosperity, so we will always show complete commitment to your mission. Experience and reputation make all the difference, so choose SC Fuels for your fleet or fueling station.

Get in Touch With SC Fuels

Are you ready to partner with a fuel delivery company with the products and resources to boost your fleet’s performance and help you maintain productivity? SC Fuels is a premier fueling company operating in areas throughout the United States. We encourage you to contact us online to get started with our services.

SC Fuels serves more than 11,000 customers annually, ranging from small family-owned businesses to Fortune 500 companies.

SC Fuels   Follow

SC Fuels serves more than 11,000 customers annually, ranging from small family-owned businesses to Fortune 500 companies.

SC Fuels 15h

Join us on June 23rd from 7 AM to 11 AM for a special celebration dedicated to YOU, our wonderful customers!

The celebration will feature exciting FREE giveaways and a chance to enter our raffle prize!

Where? 27985 Diaz Rd, Temecula, CA 92593

#SCFUELS

 Reply on Twitter 2064331849518678418
 Retweet on Twitter 2064331849518678418
 Like on Twitter 2064331849518678418
Twitter 2064331849518678418
SC Fuels 8 Jun

"A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step." 

Whatever challenges this week brings, keep moving forward. We are here to fuel your journey every step of the way. 

What are you working on this week? 

 Reply on Twitter 2064033487766622229
 Retweet on Twitter 2064033487766622229
 Like on Twitter 2064033487766622229
Twitter 2064033487766622229
SC Fuels 5 Jun

Today is World Environment Day, and we are proud to support businesses that prioritize sustainability. 

SC Fuels offers alternative fuel options, to help reduce your environmental impact without sacrificing performance or reliability.  https://buff.ly/tyS9aII

 Reply on Twitter 2062953869055803568
 Retweet on Twitter 2062953869055803568
 Like on Twitter 2062953869055803568
Twitter 2062953869055803568
Load More

Useful Links
About Us
Careers
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Safety Data Sheets (SDS)
California Supply Chain Act
Check out our YouTube Channel
Select Language
Afrikaans
Albanian
Amharic
Arabic
Armenian
Azerbaijani
Basque
Belarusian
Bengali
Bosnian
Bulgarian
Catalan
Cebuano
Chichewa
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Corsican
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Esperanto
Estonian
Filipino
Finnish
French
Frisian
Galician
Georgian
German
Greek
Gujarati
Haitian Creole
Hausa
Hawaiian
Hebrew
Hindi
Hmong
Hungarian
Icelandic
Igbo
Indonesian
Irish
Italian
Japanese
Javanese
Kannada
Kazakh
Khmer
Korean
Kurdish (Kurmanji)
Kyrgyz
Lao
Latin
Latvian
Lithuanian
Luxembourgish
Macedonian
Malagasy
Malay
Malayalam
Maltese
Maori
Marathi
Mongolian
Myanmar (Burmese)
Nepali
Norwegian
Pashto
Persian
Polish
Portuguese (Brazil)
Punjabi (Gurmukhi)
Romanian
Russian
Samoan
Scots Gaelic
Serbian
Sesotho
Shona
Sindhi
Sinhala
Slovak
Slovenian
Somali
Spanish
Sundanese
Swahili
Swedish
Tajik
Tamil
Telugu
Thai
Turkish
Ukrainian
Urdu
Uzbek
Vietnamese
Welsh
Xhosa
Yiddish
Yoruba
Zulu
Powered by Translate
Contact Us
1800 W. Katella Ave., Ste. 400
Orange, CA 92867
Phone:  714.252.7371
Fax: 714-922-7200
Contact Us
2024 © SC Fuels All Rights Reserved.   Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Cookie Policy
Sitemap
———
Sitemap
Sitemap
Facebook
Linkedin
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Go to Top
This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We do not share information about your use of our site with social media or advertising third parties, we do utilize non personal information to understand where traffic is coming from and for analytical purposes.More Information
Accept Cookies
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
May we use cookies to track your activities? We take your privacy very seriously. Please see our privacy policy for details and any questions.Yes No